1) Name the two forms of entertainment that Kan'ami and Zeami synthesized and refined in creating Noh (Sarugaku Noh).
Kan'ami and Zeami combined Dengaku (A dance for rice planting) and Sarugaku (More melodic)
(Page 164)

2) Name the four pillars of the main stage of the Noh stage.
The name of the four pillars of the main stage of the Noh stage are:
  * Metsuke-bashira (eye-fixing pillar)
  * Waki-bashira (subordinate actor's pillar)
  * Fue-bashira (flute pillar)
  * Shite-bashira (backstage pillar)

3) What is hashigakari of the Noh stage?
The hashigakari of the Noh stage is the walkway that connects the backstage to the main stage. It is an important part of the Noh stage since its long walkway builds tension and expectation when the actor shows up

4) Name the two kinds of trees/plants that are painted on the Noh stage.
Usually palm trees and bamboos are painted on the Noh stage as a reminder that Noh used to be performed outside

5) List the four traditional Japanese musical instruments that are employed in Noh performances.
The four traditional Japanese musical instruments in Noh are the taiko, fue, kotsumi, and otsuzumi

6) What is the name of wood from which the Noh stage is constructed?
The Noh stage is constructed of polished Japanese cypress called hinoki. This is a type of Japanese wood.

7) What are placed under the main stage of the Noh stage?
Earthenware pots are usually placed under the main Noh stage. Nowadays its usually concrete. This helps to resonate the footsteps of the actors when the stomp on the stage

8) Who is the most important agent in traditional Japanese theatre/performing arts?
The most important agent in traditional Japanese theatre/performing arts are the shite kata. The shite are the actors that wear the masks on stage. 

9) What is the name of the room where the main Noh performer prepares himself/herself before a performance?
The name of the room is called the Kagami no ma. It means mirror room, and it is the room where the performer prepares himself before the performance.
